# nosql2-challenge
## Analysis of food safety in the UK

For this challenge, there were two jupyter notebook files and a resources folder with data. The goal of this project was to sort and filter the data using Mongo DB and then analysis the data with Mongo DB and pandas. First I created everything needed to start in Mongo DB. I imported dependencies, created an instance of MongoClient, got my database and collection ready. I needed to add a new restaurant, so I made a dictionary with the data and then used the insert_one function to add the new dictionary. I found the business type id for restaurants/cafes/canteens in the data, so I could update the new restaurant I added since that information was missing. I counted how many establishments were in the local authority of Dover and deleted them from the data. I used count_documents and delete_many. I updated some of the datatypes with the $set function. 

The next step was the analysis jupyter notebook. I used the data I just set-up and sorted. I set up my instance and started my queries. First, I looked for the number of establishments with a hygiene score of 20. I printed the number and the first result from the number of establishments. I used this data to create a DataFrame with pandas and show the number of rows in the DataFrame. I did a similar process for the next two queries. The second query was to find the number of establishments in the local authority of London with a rating of equal to or greater than 4. I displayed the first result and made a DataFrame. In the first jupyter notebook, I added a new restaurant. For my next query, I found the first 5 establishments nearest the new restaurant sorted from the lowest hygiene score and up. I made a DataFrame. Finally, I created a pipeline with establishments with a hygiene score of zero in each authority and made a DataFrame. 
